

## INVESTMENT POLICY
## STATEMENT
## 2023

Table of contents
## TABLE OF ACRONYMS     3
## THE FUND     4
## GOVERNANCE, STAFF OBLIGATIONS AND OBJECTIVES     4
## PURPOSE AND PERIODIC REVIEW OF INVESTMENT POLICY STATEMENT     5
## RESPONSIBILITIES AND AUTHORITIES     6
## GENERAL ASSEMBLY     6
## SECRETARY-GENERAL     6
## REPRESENTATIVE OF THE SECRETARY-GENERAL     7
## INVESTMENTS COMMITTEE     8
## UNITED NATIONS JOINT STAFF PENSION BOARD     8
## CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER AND INVESTMENT SECTION     8
## INTERNAL OIM COMMITTEES AND DELEGATIONS OF AUTHORITY     10
## AUTHORIZATION FOR TRADES/INVESTMENTS     10
## INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT     11
## INVESTMENT PARAMETERS     11
## INVESTMENT TIME HORIZON     12
## MODELING ASSUMPTIONS AND PROCESS     13
## INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO     13
## CREDIT RATING POLICY     17
## GEOGRAPHICAL DIVERSIFICATION     17
## IMPACT INVESTING     21
## RESTRICTED/PROHIBITED INDUSTRIES     21
## MITIGATION OF REPUTATIONAL RISK     21
## DISCLOSURE     22
## RISK MANAGEMENT     23
## RISK MONITORING     24
## ASSET-LIABILITY MANAGEMENT (ALM) STUDY     25
## OIM’S APPROACH TO SUSTAINABLE INVESTING     25
## OTHER EXTERNAL RELATIONSHIPS     26
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

Table of Acronyms
## 3
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

## THE FUND
- The United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (UNJSPF or Fund) is a defined
benefit fund established by the General Assembly of the United Nations (General
Assembly  or  GA)  in  1948.  The  Fund  is  entrusted  to  provide  retirement,  death,
disability and other benefits and related services to its participants, retirees and
beneficiaries comprising the staff of the United Nations and 23 other organizations
admitted to membership in the Fund.
## GOVERNANCE, STAFF OBLIGATIONS AND OBJECTIVES
- The authority of the Secretary-General to decide upon the investment of the
assets of the Fund was first established in Article 25 of the initial version of the Fund
Regulations (Regulations) adopted by the General Assembly in its Resolution 248
(III) of 1948 and has been reiterated periodically by the GA. The current formulation
of  such  authority  is  found  in  Article  19(a)  of  the  Regulations  and  expressed  as
follows: “The  investment  of  the  assets  of  the  Fund  shall  be  decided  upon  by  the
Secretary-General after consultation with an Investments Committee and in the light
of observations and suggestions made from time to time by the United Nations Joint
Staff Pension Board on the investments policy.”
- The Secretary-General has delegated to the Representative of the Secretary-
General (RSG) the responsibility and authority to act on behalf of the Secretary-
General (SG) in all matters involving the fiduciary duties of the SG relating to the
investment of the assets of the Fund, including representing the Secretary-General
at meetings of the Investments Committee, the Pension Board, and other meetings
where investment matters pertaining to the UNJSPF are being discussed. The Terms
of Reference of the RSG were approved by the General Assembly in its resolution
A/RES/68/247  B  dated  9  April  2014.  The  RSG  is  responsible  and  accountable
for the investments of the Fund, including oversight of the Office of Investment
Management (OIM) which assists the RSG in carrying out his/her duties for which
s/he has been delegated responsibility and authority by the Secretary-General..
- All OIM staff members have a fiduciary obligation to manage the investment
of the assets of the Fund in the best long-term interest of its participants and
## 4
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

beneficiaries.  OIM  staff  members  must  adhere  to  the  policies,  procedures  and
practices  as  set  forth  in  this  Investment  Policy  Statement  and  strive  to  ensure
that the Fund’s Long-Term and Short-Term Investment Objectives are met. OIM
staff  members  must  annually  attend  the  compliance  training  given  by  the  OIM
Compliance Officer.  OIM staff members must acknowledge receipt of OIM’s policies
and procedures and agree to abide by these policies for the purposes of ensuring
compliance and the maintenance of the UNJSPF’s reputation and integrity.  OIM
staff members, by virtue of their status as staff members of the United Nations,
are  obliged  to  remain  loyal  to  the  aims,  principles  and  purposes  of  the  United
Nations, as set forth in its Charter, and to uphold the highest levels of efficiency,
competence, integrity, and respect for human rights.
- The Fund’s “Long-Term Investment Objective” is to meet or exceed a real rate
of return (net of inflation, as measured by the US Consumer Price Index: All Urban
Consumers not seasonally adjusted) in US dollars over the long-term (15 years and
longer) without undue risk of loss, that factors in the liabilities of the Fund and
the Required Contribution Rate as defined in the Funding Policy. In the short term
(3 years), the Fund aims to meet or exceed the Policy Benchmark’s returns while
keeping Key Risk Indicators in line with OIM’s Risk Management Framework.
- OIM  strives to ensure that all of its activities integrate the ideals of sustainable
investing, including taking into account environmental, social and governance (ESG)
metrics, while remaining entirely consistent with our fiduciary responsibility to meet
our Long-Term Investment Objective.
## PURPOSE AND PERIODIC REVIEW OF INVESTMENT POLICY STATEMENT
- The purpose of this Investment Policy Statement (IPS) is to set forth the
parameters which shall guide the RSG and OIM staff in managing the investment
of  the  assets  of  the  UNJSPF.  This  IPS  specifies  the  Long-Term  and  Short-Term
Investment Objectives; the eligible investment universe of asset classes, investment
channels, and investment instruments; the Strategic Asset Allocation (SAA) and
the Policy Benchmark; the risk parameters; and the investment process.
## 5
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

- A full-scale review and updating of the IPS will be undertaken in consultation
with  the  Investments  Committee  and  other  stakeholders,  and  in  light  of  the
observations and suggestions provided by the United Nations Joint Staff Pension
Board (Pension Board or UNJSPB) and taking into account the results of each Asset-
Liability Management (ALM) Study, currently conducted once every four years.
- In between these full-scale updates, the IPS remains a living document and
will be continuously updated, amended and enhanced as needed by the RSG, in
order to provide the Fund with the necessary flexibility and tools required to address
specific market conditions or developments.
## RESPONSIBILITIES AND AUTHORITIES
## General Assembly
- In its Resolution 248 (III) of 1948, the General Assembly entrusted the fiduciary
responsibility  for  the  investment  of  the  assets  of  the  Fund  to  the  Secretary-
General of the United Nations. GA Resolution A/RES/73/274 of 22 December 2018
reaffirmed that the Secretary-General serves as fiduciary for the investment of the
assets of the Fund. The General Assembly may from time to time adopt resolutions
on general investment policy as long as these resolutions are not conflicting with
the fiduciary responsibility of the Secretary-General.

Secretary-General
- Article 19(a) of the Regulations states that the investment of the assets of
the Fund shall be decided upon by the Secretary-General after consultation with
an Investments Committee and in the light of observations and suggestions made
from time to time by the Pension Board on the investments policy.
-  Article  19(b)  of  the  Regulations  provides  that  the  Secretary-General  shall
arrange  for  the  maintenance  of  detailed  accounts  of  all  investments  and  other
transactions relating to the Fund, which shall be open to examination by the Pension
## Board.
## 6
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

Representative of the Secretary-General
-  The  Secretary-General  has  delegated  the  fiduciary  responsibility  for  the
investment of the assets of the Fund to the RSG.

- The RSG reports directly to the Secretary-General. The responsibilities and
functions of the RSG are stipulated in the Terms of Reference of the representative
of the Secretary-General for the investment of the assets of the United Nations
Joint Staff Pension Fund in the Annex to General Assembly Resolution 68/247 B.
Those responsibilities and functions include, but not limited to (a) Reporting to the
Secretary-General  and  in  consultation  with  the  Investments  Committee  of  the
Fund and in the light of observations and suggestions made from time to time
by the Pension Board on investments policy, will exercise discretionary authority
over  the  investment  of  the  assets  of  the  Fund  and  will  be  responsible  for  the
overall investment policy and for oversight and management of the investments
of the Fund. (b) Leading the investment operations in terms of strategy and policy
analysis, asset allocation, portfolio management and investment decision making;
risk  management  and  compliance  and  monitoring;  and  back-office  accounting,
trade  settlement,  cash  management  and  systems  and  information  technology
requirements. (c) Is responsible for carrying out the responsibilities of the Secretary-
General  under  article  19  (b)  of  the  regulations  of  Fund  including  to  ensure  that
detailed accounts of all investments and other transactions relating to the Fund
are maintained and for reporting to the Pension Board, the Advisory Committee on
Administrative and Budgetary Questions and the General Assembly on the Fund’s
investments.
-  The  RSG  directly  oversees  the  Risk  and  Compliance  Services  and  IT  and
Operation Section, ensuring the segregation of duties from the Chief Investment
Officer (CIO) who oversees the Investment Section to maintain proper check and
balance in investment management.
-  The  Secretary-General  has  also  delegated  to  the  RSG  the  responsibility
of representing the SG at meetings of the Investments Committee, the Pension
Board, and at other meetings – such as the Advisory Committee on Administrative
## 7
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

and Budgetary Questions (ACABQ) and the General Assembly – where investment
matters pertaining to the UNJSPF are being discussed.
## Investments Committee
-  The  United  Nations  Investments  Committee  (IC)  advises  the  Secretary-
General  on  investment  policy,  risk  control,  diversification  of  the  Fund  in  terms
of  investment  vehicles  and  markets,  best  practice  in  the  area  of  investments,
sustainable and impact investing and other investment related matters on which
their advice may be sought. Article 20 of the Regulations states that the IC shall
consist of nine members appointed by the Secretary-General after consultation
with the Pension Board and the ACABQ, subject to confirmation by the General
Assembly. The Secretary-General may appoint ad hoc members to serve with the IC.
The Secretary-General has delegated to the RSG the responsibility of representing
the SG at meetings of the IC.

## United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board
- In accordance with the Regulations, the Fund is administered by the United
Nations Joint Staff Pension Board (UNJSPB or Pension Board), a staff pension
committee for each member organization and a secretariat to the Pension Board
and to each such committee.
-  The  Pension  Board  reviews  the  investments  of  the  Fund  at  its  regular
sessions and may provide observations and suggestions to the Secretary-General
on investment policy.

Chief Investment Officer and Investment Section
-  Under  the  delegated  authority  and  oversight  from  the  RSG,  the  CIO’s
responsibilities  and  function  include,  but  not  limited  to,  (a)  Directing  the  work
programme of the Office of Investment Management by implementing the strategic
and tactical asset allocation based on the investment policy and strategy set by the
RSG and by overseeing the five strategic portfolios: Public Equities, Private Equity/
## 8
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

Real Assets, Real Estate, Fixed Income, and Cash and Short-term securities; (b)
Assisting the RSG to report on related matters to the Pension Board, ACABQ and
the Fifth Committee, (c) Collaborating in the Asset and Liabilities Management
working Group, together with the Pension Fund Administration and other staff in
the Office of Investment Management, in the development of the Asset and Liability
Management  studies,  (d)  Defining  and  implementing  the  sustainable  investing
strategy and impact investing program.
- The Investment Section of OIM is responsible for the day-to-day management
of  the  Fund’s  investments  under  the  oversight  of  the  CIO.  Under  the  guidance
and  oversight  of  various  internal  OIM  committees,  it  implements  the  approved
investment policy and ensure that the portfolio conforms to the approved asset
allocation, investment guidelines, and risk parameters. OIM staff analyze global
economic, geopolitical, and financial market developments, and monitor their impact
on various asset classes and regions in which the Fund is invested. They sell and
purchase securities or other types of assets, evaluate the returns achieved, and ensure
that risk levels remain within the allocated risk budget. In asset classes or markets
where external managers or funds are employed, Investment Section is responsible
for making selection and termination recommendations to the appropriate internal
committee and monitoring the managers’ and funds’ performance and risk levels.
OIM  staff  adhere  to  the  IPS  in  all  investment  matters  and  are  responsible  for
ensuring that performance and portfolio risk analyses reports are accurate and up
to date for the asset classes and/or investment portfolios within their purview at
any time. OIM staff are responsible for arranging the maintenance of appropriate
and accurate accounts on the Fund’s investments for onward reporting to various
stakeholders.
- The due diligence process for the hiring, monitoring and termination of external
managers  and/or  funds  for  public  market  investments,  along  with  guidelines,
risk and return expectations, are outlined in the UNJSPF OIM Policy for External
## Managers.
## 9
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

Internal OIM Committees and delegations of authority
-  The  RSG  ensures  proper  check  and  balance  in  the  OIM  decision  making.
The RSG delegates the specific investment recommendations to the CIO and the
Internal Investment Committee (IIC), the Private Markets Committee (PMC), and
the Best Execution Committee are chaired by the CIO. The Risk Committee and
the Compliance Committee are chaired by the Chief Risk and Compliance Officer
and the Information and Communications Technology (ICT) Steering Committee is
chaired by the COO.
Authorization for Trades/Investments
- The internal authorization process requires an approval from two investment
officers  except  for  unsolicited  orders  through  electronic  trading  platforms  for
which dual approval is not possible, or other senior officers of OIM, for all purchases
and sales of securities and other types of investments, including equities, bonds,
interests in private market assets -- real estate, private equity, infrastructure, timber
-- commodities, currencies, and short-term investments. Dual approval is also not
possible for any trades placed by phone. The level of officials authorized to approve
purchases and sales of securities and other types of investments varies depending
on the asset class, and the size of the transaction, either as a percentage of assets
in the regional group, or an absolute dollar amount. The details of the authorization
process are outlined in the Delegation of Authority Memorandum.
- Unsolicited trades are exempt from dual approval. Unsolicited workflow on
electronic trading platforms requires an automatic confirmation of trades (email
notification) sent to all Fixed income team members and Back Office when a trade
is complete.  In addition, trades are evaluated the next day against the Bloomberg
AIM compliance system post trade and oversight is provided by Compliance through
the Daily Trade Blotter and Post Trade Compliance Report which is sent daily by
email to the RSG and senior management.
## 10
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023


## INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
## Investment Parameters
- “The Fund has very low appetite for the risk of losing its long-term sustainability
and not being able to meet its long-term financial commitments.” This risk appetite,
together with the Fund’s Long-Term Investment Objective, is taken into account
when  undertaking  the  quadrennial  ALM  Study.  The  results  of  the  ALM  Study
assist the RSG in determining the Fund’s Strategic Asset Allocation (SAA), after
consultation with all stakeholders, and taking into account what is reasonable and
feasible  for  OIM  to  implement.  The  SAA  is  the  major  determinant  of  long-term
investment returns and risk.
- Investment criteria take into account direction from the Secretary-General,
along  with  guidance  from  the  General  Assembly,  and  suggestions  made  by  the
Pension Board.  The investment criteria are also reviewed and interpreted by the
Investments Committee.  These criteria are as follows:

- Safety is achieved by ensuring adequate asset class, geographic, currency,
sector  and  industry  diversification,  by  careful  due  diligence  and  documentation
of investment recommendations, and by constant review of the portfolio in order
to position it optimally in light of economic and geopolitical trends and resulting
financial market movements. Nevertheless, all investments are subject to market
risk.
- Profitability  requires  that  each  investment  at  the  time  of  purchase  be
expected to earn a positive total return, taking into account potential risks such
as market risk and credit risk which may be mitigated but cannot be eliminated by
diversification.
- Convertibility is the ability to readily convert investments into liquid currencies.
The fiduciary responsibility to the Fund’s participants and beneficiaries mandates
that due to the US dollar-based market valuation of the Fund, and the US dollar-
## 11
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

based appraisal of its actuarial soundness, all investments, should be readily and
fully convertible into US dollars.
- Liquidity is the ready marketability of the assets in recognized sound, stable
and  competitive  exchanges  or  markets.  Liquidity  is  required  to  ensure  that  the
portfolio can be restructured in the shortest possible time in order to enhance total
return, to minimize potential losses, and meet the liquidity needs of the Fund.
- Liquidity needs of the Fund over the next ten years are projected during the
quadrennial ALM Study and serve as an input in the determination of the SAA. In
establishing liquidity needs of the Fund, OIM will take the following factors into
consideration:
(a)  need for liquidity to meet payroll requirements in an array of currencies
(b) need for funds to take advantage of investment opportunities as they arise
(c)  need for funds required for projected cash flows
(d) need for a safety buffer
-  The  emphasis  on  liquidity  shall  be  an  investment  consideration  based  on
the expected short-term and long-term cash flow profile of the Fund. Managing
liquidity to meet the Fund’s requirements will be met by structuring the investment
portfolio to maintain a sufficient allocation of funds in highly liquid securities or in
cash. OIM will consider an acceptable range of illiquidity to generate a higher return
from the eligible investment universe.
-  It  is  noted  that  there  may  be  attractive  investment  opportunities  which
require long-term commitments from the Fund. The Fund may invest in longer-term
asset classes, such as private market investments with the concurrence of the RSG.
## Investment Time Horizon
- The purpose of the Strategic Asset Allocation (SAA) as reflected in the Policy
Benchmark is to achieve the Fund’s Long-Term Investment Objective. Therefore,
strategic investment decisions for the Fund shall be made based on a long-term
## 12
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

horizon.  Tactical  tilts  around  the  target  SAA  may  be  adopted  for  a  short-term
horizon to optimally position the Fund’s portfolio in light of expected short-term
financial market movements.
Modeling Assumptions and Process
- In order to establish risk and liquidity parameters for the management of
the assets of the UNJSPF, appropriate financial models may be used by OIM to
estimate and calculate risk levels.  OIM’s Risk Team will perform stress tests for
the  UNJSPF’s  assets,  based  on  extreme  historical  market  events  in  addition  to
assuming instantaneous shocks for different asset classes.
## Investment Portfolio
-  The  SAA  shall  be  designed  to  meet  the  Long-Term  Investment  Objective
subject to the specified risk appetite as translated into appropriate risk metrics.
The main asset classes in the SAA are comprised of Public Equities, Private Equity,
Real  Estate,  Other  Real  Assets  (Infrastructure,  Timber,  etc.),  Fixed  Income,  and
Cash.  The UNJSPF has a very long-time horizon consistent with its very long-term
liabilities. Long-term performance of the investment portfolio shall be evaluated
relative to the Long-Term Investment Objective and corresponding time horizon.
Short-term performance of the investment portfolio shall be evaluated relative to
the Short-Term Investment Objective and corresponding time horizon.
- The Total Fund Policy benchmark is computed following a composite-weighted
based  methodology.  It  means  that  its  return  is  determined  by  multiplying  the
performances of each asset classes respective benchmarks by their target weights,
which are the target strategic asset allocation (SAA) weights defined in the IPS.
However, instead of using fixed target (SAA) weights for Private Market investments
(Private Equity, Real Estate, Infrastructure, Timberland and Farmland, and Private
Debt), floating weights, corresponding to Private Markets portfolio weights, will be
used instead. The difference between target (SAA) weights and portfolio weights
for Private Market investments will be added back to Global Equities target (SAA)
## 13
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

weight.  Private  market  investments  cannot  be  quickly  rebalanced  to  reach  the
targeted SAA weights if they deviate outside of the rebalancing bandwidth. It can
only be done gradually through the years, on a steady pace basis. The Fund can
only meet its targeted SAA weights in the medium term, leading to a structural
underweight or overweight in Private Markets. To mitigate this, it is either added
to or subtracted from Global Equities for benchmark computation purposes. The
benchmark is rebalanced at the end of each quarter. Benchmark rebalancing means
that the weights, which are evolving on a daily basis due to market movements,
are  reset  to  the  target  (SAA)  weights,  or  portfolio  weights  for  Private  Market
investments,  at  the  end  of  each  quarter.  The  purpose  of  the  rebalancing  is  to
avoid that the weights, because of market movements, become too far away from
predetermined target (SAA) weights. The benchmark is depicted in table 2.
## 14
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023
## Table 1:  The Fund’s Strategic Asset Allocation

## 15
## Table 2:   Total Fund Policy Benchmark – Composition
- Each asset class of the portfolio must stay within specified limits (see table
above). On a monthly basis, during OIM IIC (Internal Investment Committee), the
portfolio weights by asset classes will be reviewed and, in case of any breach, the
concerned  asset  class(es)  will  be  rebalanced  and  put  it  back  to  SAA  ranges.  It
is possible that Total Cash stay temporarily above the limits, but it needs to be
remediated in within 90 days.
-  ESG  Custom  means  the  MSCI,  and  Bloomberg  US  Aggregate  indexes  are
adjusted for restrictions on investing in tobacco, controversial weapons, thermal
coal and fossil fuel companies.
- Based on the long-term risk return characteristics of the Policy Benchmark,
OIM may invest in eligible asset classes (Annex I), with the goal of achieving its
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

## 16
Short-Term Investment Objective and/or its Long-Term Investment Objective.
- Annex I lists the eligible assets and instruments. OIM may (i) invest in all types
of securities and assets consistent with its eligible investment universe, including
without limitation:  common stock;  preferred stock; convertible stock; warrants;
depositary  receipts;  American  depository  receipts;  global  depository  receipts;
exchange traded funds; money market funds; commercial paper; structured notes;
bank deposits; limited partnership interests; real estate investment trusts; interests
in  closed  and  open-end  collective  investment  funds;  interests  in  funds  of  funds,
and  (ii)  enter  into  the  following  types  of  transactions  or  investment  structures:
segregated  investments  accounts  in  the  name  of  the  Fund  customized  to  the
specific requirements of OIM; investments in single assets through one or more
entities controlled by OIM; investments in single assets through one or more entities
controlled by OIM in parallel with a collective investment fund or other institutional
investor.
-  OIM  will  consult  with  and  obtain  the  IC’s  advice  and  guidance  prior  to
completing its first investment in a new asset class or initial use of a new instrument.
-  The  Fund  applies  concentration  limits  for  both  internally  and  externally
managed assets which are specified in the OIM Risk Manual.
-  OIM  may  use  exchange-traded  futures,  swaps,  To  Be  Announced  (TBA),
Repo and Reverse Repo and F/X forwards for the purpose of risk management and
hedging  as  per  General  Assembly  (GA)  mandate.  OIM  may  use  security  lending
program only for US Treasury to generate revenues.
-  OIM  may  establish  securities  lending  programs  and  enter  into  repurchase
transactions to enhance returns. Due to reputational risk concerns, the securities
lending program scope has been limited to US Treasury In order to facilitate the
implementation of its investment strategies.
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

## 17
## Credit Rating Policy
-  The  credit  risk  framework  is  based  on  the  composite  risk  rating  of  the
following  agencies:  Fitch,  Standard  and  Poor’s  (S&P)  and  Moody’s.    Please  see
table 3 for explanation of respective ratings. The minimum rating accepted for any
rated eligible security is B-/B3 respecting the limits established for the individual
securities. Please refer below to the cascading approach, which was approved by
official  memorandum  dated  February  14,  2018,  for  establishing  the  composite
rating when ratings are not available from all the agencies. If the security does not
have a public rating, the rating of the issuer can be used. Automated monitoring of
these limits is conducted daily by the Compliance team. Results are presented on a
quarterly basis to the Risk Committee.
- When a rating from only 2 of rating agencies is available, the lower is used to
determine the investment grade rating
- When only 1 agency has provided a rating for the bond, then that rating is
used to determine the grade rating
- Expected ratings may be used for new issues to ensure timely inclusion in the
investment universe
- An issuer rating may be used in lieu of a security rating
## Geographical Diversification

- The General Assembly has requested the Secretary-General in consultation
with  the  Investments  Committee,  to  ensure  that,  subject  to  careful  observance
of  the  requirements  of  safety,  profitability,  liquidity  and  convertibility,  and  in
strict conformity with the Regulations of the UNJSPF, a larger proportion of the
investment of the resources of the Fund is made in developing countries.
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

## 18
## Table 3: Credit Rating Tables
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

## 19
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

## 20
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

## Impact Investing
-  The  General  Assembly  has  requested  the  Secretary  General  to  explore,
in  consultation  with  the  Investments  Committee  and  taking  into  account  the
observations and suggestions by the Pension Board, impact investing for part of
the portfolio, including in developing and emerging markets, such as Africa and Asia
and other regions, bearing in mind the Fund’s real rate of return target.

Restricted/Prohibited Industries
- Investments in companies that derive any revenue from the production of
tobacco and that primarily deal with manufacturing and distribution of tobacco
and tobacco related products and non-transitioning fossil fuels companies including
thermal  coal  are  restricted.  The  Fund  is  prohibited  from  investing  in  securities
of companies that derive any revenue from the production of military weapons,
weapons  systems  or  weapons  of  mass  destruction,  including  nuclear,  chemical
or biological weapons, or derive more than 10 per cent of their revenue from the
production of customized components for purposes of the production of military
weapons, weapons systems or weapons of mass destruction.
- While the Fund analyzes and monitors the individual holdings in Exchange
Traded Funds (ETFs) and any other index or fund products, the individual holdings
that  fall  under  the  criteria  for  restricted  and  prohibited  industries  and/or  the
minimum required credit ratings, may be maintained in the investable universe since
these instruments grant access to specific markets that contribute to the overall
safety, profitability, liquidity and convertibility of the total portfolio.

Mitigation of Reputational Risk
- OIM will strive, on a best-efforts basis, to ensure that the investments of
the Fund conform to the high ethical standards of the United Nations, and do not
expose the Fund to reputational risk.
## 21
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

## Disclosure
-  OIM  maintains  and  updates  a  public  website  which  discloses,  on  a
regular basis, a broad range of information on Fund investments by asset class,
geographical diversification, countries and regions in which the Fund invests, the
Fund’s market value of assets, and historical Fund performance versus both the
Long-Term Investment Objective and the Short-Term Investment Objective. Some
quarterly performance information is available with a one quarter lag due to delays
in obtaining valuations for private market investments. Year-end information is up
to date in all respects and is usually available by the end of April of the following
year.
- The Fund’s investment performance is independently measured and reported
by the Fund’s third-party Master Record Keeper. The Master Record Keeper, as an
asset service provider, calculates investment performance returns that are compliant
with industry standards, such as CFA Institute’s Global Investment Performance
Standards (GIPS). The Fund earned the GIPS compliance certification starting in
## 2020.
- The Fund’s annual performance is audited and reported independently after
a stringent periodic audit and verification.  Moreover, Fund’s performance is also
externally audited for GIPS compliance purposes
-  Information  about  actual  or  proposed  UNJSPF  investments,  including
information  about  companies,  countries,  regions  or  currencies  is  normally
commercially  sensitive  information  and  therefore  kept  confidential,  but  may  be
disclosed on a need-to-know basis, subject to formal clearance from the RSG. OIM
has to balance the need for transparency about its investments and the objective of
maintaining confidentiality to minimize market impact.  Any request for investment
information from any external party shall be reviewed by the OIM internal Legal
Officer,  Risk  and  Compliance  Services,  and  the  Chief  Investment  Officer  whose
recommendation shall be submitted to the RSG for decision, prior to any disclosure.
OIM’s policy is not to disclose investment information related to individual companies
or funds in which it may have an investment.
## 2222
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

- Any UNJSPF investment performance or other report distributed outside of
OIM shall be disseminated in a secure PDF or otherwise inalterable format.
-  Any  UNJSPF  investment  performance  or  other  report  being  presented
otherwise than by OIM staff shall be cleared with the Chief Risk and Compliance
Officer, the Chief Investment Officer and the RSG.
-  All  requests  for  UNJSPF  investment  performance  or  other  reports  to  be
distributed outside of OIM shall be submitted to the Chief Risk and Compliance
Officer and the RSG for clearance, prior to any dissemination.
## RISK MANAGEMENT
-  The  Risk  Appetite  is  the  amount  of  risk  an  organization  is  willing  to  take
in order to achieve its goals.  The UNJSPF Risk Appetite statement, as approved
by  the  Pension  Board,  states:  “The  Fund  recognizes  the  very  long-term  scope  of
its operations, its insurance-like nature which pools resources and risks to provide
retirement, death, disability and other defined benefits and related services to its
participants,  retirees  and  beneficiaries  as  well  as  the  importance  of  ensuring  the
continuing viability of its operations and finances.  The Fund has very low appetite for
the risk of losing its long-term sustainability and not being able to meet its long-term
financial commitments.”
-  Among the objectives of an ALM Study is to present various hypothetical
SAAs and offer a choice of very different risk profiles, which take into account the
Fund’s Risk Appetite as translated into appropriate risk metrics, and the Fund’s
Long-Term Investment Objective which is designed to ensure long-term financial
sustainability of the Fund. Once an SAA has been selected by the RSG with input
from  the  Investments  Committee,  OIM  will  manage  the  portfolio  in  accordance
with that SAA and related risk limits.
## 23
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

## Risk Monitoring
- Total Portfolio Risk – OIM will monitor and report the total portfolio Value at
Risk (VaR), which assesses the Fund’s potential loss, at different levels of probability
of occurrence, and over different timeframes.  The Risk Committee approves risk
limits and reviews them periodically.
- Active Risk - OIM will monitor and report the acceptable level of active risk
expressed as the variation of the Fund’s investment performance from the Policy
Benchmark’s performance (Tracking Error). Tracking Error is defined as one standard
deviation of the difference between the return of the actual total Fund portfolio and
the return of the Policy Benchmark (at the total Fund level), and versus individual
asset class or portfolio benchmarks (for each asset class or individual portfolio).
- OIM will monitor and report tracking error for the public markets components
of the total Fund portfolio.  The maximum allowable tracking error (or risk tolerance)
for each public markets portfolio -- by asset class or region -- is reviewed on an
annual basis and approved by the Risk Committee.

-  OIM  will  also  determine  an  overall  Risk  Budget  for  active  risk,  with  the
objective of allocating risk among asset classes and individual portfolios where it
may be used to add the most value to the total Fund portfolio.
- Actual risk in various portfolios will be monitored (both ex-ante and ex-post)
to  ensure  that  it  remains  within  the  established  risk  tolerance  and  is  reported
weekly to the RSG as well as reviewed by the Risk Committee every quarter, or more
frequently if required.
- Risk in certain portfolios may temporarily exceed established risk limits during
times of heightened market volatility or sustained instability. OIM has established
yellow and red zones for risk limits. If a portfolio’s risk strays into the red zone
for  a  sustained  period,  OIM  takes  immediate  action  by  adjusting  that  portfolio
composition.
## 2424
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

Asset-Liability Management (ALM) Study
-  A  full  ALM  study  is  performed  every  four  years  unless  the  Pension  Board
considers it necessary to conduct an ALM study more frequently. The purpose of the
ALM study is to examine the financial condition of the Fund, estimate the feasibility
of achieving the desired long-term investment return targets, set an appropriate
Long-Term Investment Objective consistent with maintaining the Fund’s long-term
financial  sustainability,  and  propose  a  reasonable,  feasible,  and  implementable
Strategic Asset Allocation consistent with the Long-Term Investment Objective, the
Fund’s Risk Appetite and its current financial condition.
OIM’s APPROACH TO SUSTAINABLE INVESTING
- The Fund acknowledges its responsibility to society as part of an international
organization committed to social progress by being a founding signatory to the
Principles  for  Responsible  Investment  (PRI)  and  its  association  with  the  United
Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and the United Nations Environment Programme
(UNEP) Finance Initiative.
- OIM’s sustainable investing approach seeks to promote sustainable business
practices and stewardship that advocates improvement of the environment, fair
labour  practices,  non-discrimination  and  the  protection  of  human  rights,  and
references such internationally recognized sustainability-related initiatives as the
UNEP Finance Initiative, PRI, the UNGC, the Global Reporting Initiative, and the
conventions of the International Labour Organization.
- The Fund restricts investments in the tobacco industry and in the securities of
companies producing controversial weapons, including weapons of mass destruction
as well as fossil fuel companies.  OIM is using a customized equity and fixed income
benchmark provided by a leading index provider to reflect these restrictions.
-  OIM’s  sustainable  investment  strategy  is  aligned  with  its  fiduciary  duty
and  responsibility,  and  includes  material  environmental,  social  and  governance
## 25
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

considerations that are currently in the process of being integrated throughout the
investment decision-making process.
-  The  Fund  adheres  to  sustainable  investment  proxy  voting  guidelines  in
partnership with a leading global provider. OIM’s sustainable voting policy generally
references globally recognized sustainability-related initiatives such as the Principles
for  Responsible  Investment  (PRI).  They  promote  a  fair,  unified  and  productive
reporting  and  compliance  environment.  They  advance  positive  corporate  ESG
actions which promote practices that present new opportunities or that mitigate
related financial and reputational risks.
- An active sustainable voting policy combined with an engagement approach,
creates a more effective positive sustainable impact and change consistent with
our mission. The Fund believes in an effective and productive dialogue with company
management in order to affect corporate behavior and advocate for better action
and outcomes.
## OTHER EXTERNAL RELATIONSHIPS
-  The  Fund’s  Custodian  and  independent  Master  Record  Keeper  is  chosen
through  a  competitive  Request  for  Proposal  (RFP)  process.    OIM  monitors  the
performance indicators of the Service-Level Agreement (SLA) and meets with the
Custodian at least once a year.  The scope of these visits is to review the operations,
evaluate  processes,  infrastructure  and  provide  an  opportunity  for  face-to-face
meetings with various managers.  OIM’s Compliance Group will monitor financial
health by reviewing the relevant parameters such as the Custodian’s credit rating,
regulatory actions, and assets under custody.
-  Public  market  and  private  market  investment  managers  and  Funds  are
selected and terminated based on a structured and thorough evaluation process,
several  key  criteria,  including  investment  process  and  philosophy,  performance,
assets under management, and suitability to the Fund’s needs. External Managers
are subjected to the Policy of External Managers. Comprehensive details on the
selection  process,  due  diligence,  operations  and  risk  management  of  External
## 2626
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

Managers  are  included  in  the  Policy  of  External  Managers.    External  Managers
risk is monitored and assessed on an ongoing basis and presented quarterly at the
Risk  Committee.  Reputational  Risk  of  External  Managers  is  also  monitored  and
assessed and presented at the Compliance Committee.  Advisors to the Fund are
reviewed by the relevant investment groups based on the presentations submitted,
economic analysis, activity, quality of idea generation and research, and timeliness,
and chosen through an RFP process.

## 27
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

The table below shows the eligible asset classes.  OIM will consult with and obtain
the IC’s advice and guidance prior to completing its first investment in a new asset
class or initial use of a new instrument.
## Asset Class
## Global Public Equities
## Developed Markets
## Small Cap
## Emerging Markets
## Frontier Markets
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)
## Private Markets
## Private Equity
## Buyouts
## Growth Capital
## Special Situations
## Venture Capital
## Secondaries
## Direct Investments
Co-Investments
## Private Debt
## Total Real Assets
## Real Assets
## Infrastructure
Timberland, Agriculture and Farmland
## Direct Investments
Co-Investments
## Annex I - Eligible Investment Universe
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023
## 28

## Real Estate
## Real Estate
## Direct Investments
Co-Investments
## Global Fixed Income
## Government Bonds
## Government-related Bonds
Securitized Debt and To Be Announced (TBA)
## Emerging Market Debt
## Corporate Securities
## Inflation Linked Bonds
## Private Debt
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF’s)
## Exchange-traded Derivatives
Over the counter Derivatives, Repo and Reverse Repo
## Other
## Securities Lending
Cash and Equivalents
Government and related securities
Money Market Instruments (Deposits, Discount notes and others)
## Floating Rate Notes
## Securitized Debts
## Inflation Linked Bonds
## Corporate Securities
## Exchange-traded Derivatives
Over the counter Derivatives
Repo and Reverse Repo

UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023
## 29
UNJSPF Investment Policy Statement
## August 2023

unjspf.org